Telco 142 use netplan instead of networking service (#14)
canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap: README.md

magma-access-gateway.install
```

> **NOTE:** To see the list of currently supported installation options, execute:
> ```bash
> magma-access-gateway.install --help
> ```

> > **NOTE:** If statically allocated IPs have been used, installer will perform automatic system 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** By default, the installation assumes DHCP for IP allocation. If statically allocated IPs have been explicitly specified in the configuration options, the system will  
```

> restart to apply new network configuration. Once the server is restarted, reconnect to the system 
> and use `journalctl` to continue monitoring the installation process.

> Successful installation will be indicated by the `Magma AGW deployment

Reviewer: Does this message show up before the reboot? Because the note about the reboot comes after this one.

Author: Yes, it does.
